oh shit yeah alright so we got a free
battlefield game from EA now I don't you
thinking right now fucking EA hooking it
up with a free game yeah sort of not
like I mean like it's free to play and
it's fun as fuck ok I'll just tell you
that right now but what I so check it
out so when you get into game you get to
pick from two different sides once you
pick your side then you get to customize
your dude and here on this screen you
get to see all the different
customizations and stuff like that I
just go through the game your
inexperience and stuff and earning
experience is kind of cool because you
earned it not only by killing people but
you get to kind of pick your different
missions as you see right here you can
actually customize what kind of missions
are quests if you want to say you get to
go on and stuff throughout the game so
if you want to go in a mission and kill
like 100 dudes you can go do that or if
we're gonna kill like you know 20
vehicles in an experience for that
mission you get to do that and the
missions will love love so they get
harder as you go through the game but
anyway you can pick which ones you want
to go alright so as you can see the game
is all cartoony and shit right it's
straight rip off from Team Fortress 2 EA
did not fuck around with it decided to
just rip off other companies they just
love that shit man EA is like so hard
pressed to think of anything new because
I'm right here like old rip off valve
it's cool to do anyway so that's what
they did but it's cool it works whatever
don't let the cartoon shit throw you off
and know a lot of you hardcore
battlefield those are probably like fuck
this shit if I don't got my end 16 on my
I'm not all like propelling and shit why
not you could repel out an avocado
because they took that out about it for
two but anyway that's different story
but anyway so it's you know don't don't
take it to a science sick as fuck it's
not first person alright that's one of
the first thing that you notice is
completely different and you know the
third person works actually pretty well
if you're not really in the third person
still give it a shot if you like
Battlefield games because it's
definitely worth it it's still got the
exact same mechanics as every other
battlefield game in existence you just
run out there and you capture points
that's alright because that sheet as fun
as hell I don't know why but Battlefield
games like my favorite games on the
planet like favorite first-person
shooters right up there with Unreal
Tournament and you know the formula
stays true and everything I just got
owned right there but a fucking tank I
could suck my balls suck my balls bitch
shook tough for that guy later killer
anyway here you go you can check it out
there's planes and everything the the
controls and all and everything are very
simple there's nothing crazy going on
although with the addition of skills you
get to pick there's a lot more I guess
hockey you want to set up so i guess in
that respect it can get a little more
complicated than your typical
battlefield game you got your different
classes you can pick from and everything
you got your snipers and shit you know I
need your heavies and all that crap and
regular soldiers diapers of course get
to go invisible and stab your ass in the
ass like pissed off and shit like that
yeah it's all it's your typical
battlefield shit really is except with
the addition of kind of get the
customize your character and stuff which
is actually really cool it's not
incredibly deep and you're not going to
be like you know creating some badass
100% unique you know soldier out there
but it does add a flavor that other
Battlefield games currently don't really
possess a battlefield 24 2142 does not
count yes I know you can say well you
get the pic perks and all that shit
doesn't count complete different thing
anyway so as you can see I'm trying to
own this nigga right here it's probably
know me now now can fucking talk because
this game put a cool anyway so then
we're probably wondering how the funk
you pay for the game there's no way EA
is going to hook it up and they're not
you're not hooking it up a shit if you
really want to get into the game you
gotta stop drought start dropping some
cash some of their microtransaction
stuff and this stuff it ranges from just
stupid shit I guess helpful stuff you
know you got things you can buy like you
get more experience and stuff like that
and leveling can get to the point to
where it drags if you're not paying I'm
not paying personally I can tell you
right now is it like a 12 on i'm at
sucks balls if i were to drop like the
two bucks or whatever the hell
to get one of those experienced boosting
perks then I probably be having a lot
more fun to the game but I'm not going
to do that EA can suck my balls I'm not
paying for that shit anyway then you can
also buy things like customizations for
your characters the way you look and
everything as you can see most people
are pretty much sticking to the free
game I mean get your mixture of other
people buying shit but for the most part
you'll find it's just regular players
playing for free which is fine also
notice the server's not always that
crowded so just be mindful that shit
it's not always the most crowded game
often you find yourself gold 5vs5 less
than that anyway if the game is full
it's fun as fuck anyway go ahead and try
the game is free there's no reason not
to your mouth a little milky a for a
little something I guess and then you
know if you like it support that shit
and you know so the developers can
keeping or raping us in the ass with
other Battlefield games so I ah yeah
alright well fuck this peace out guys
peace out